--[Minamikawa breathing shakily]
--[uneasy music]
[Saki] Joso Academy student
Mizukiyo Minamikawa.
You were friends
with Kanade Uryu,
also known as Metropoliman.
No! I'm no threat!
Please, don't kill me!
I won't let on!
I won't tell anyone!
[Saki] He can see Arrows?
Is he a God candidate?
What's going on here?
First Kanade, then
Susumu, and now you two?
[Mirai] Interesting.
He knows Metropoliman's
true identity.
Why aren't you fleeing?
Flee to where?
I don't have a set of Wings!
[Saki] So your angel
is second-rank?
What are you talking about?
I'm not second-rank
or even third-rank!
I don't know what's
going on anymore!
--Red Arrow.
--Yeah.
--[Minamikawa gasps]
--[body thuds]
--You're a God candidate?
--Yes.
I'll be whatever
you want me to be.
[Mirai] You're our
ally for 33 days.
That's right. I'm your ally.
If his angel is second-rank,
you know what that means.
Yeah. There's still a
special-rank angel out there.
The Nakaumi brothers are next.
Their home is right over there.
[Shuji] There's no question
in your mind, Big Brother?
[Osamu] Nope. Mom and
Dad, and Grandpa, too.
Who would ever guess my
little bro's a God candidate
who made them all
kill themselves?
[Shuji] It wasn't that hard.
All I did was
grant their wishes.
Fine. Now I don't
wanna live anymore.
Look around.
I'm sick and tired
of seeing people
enjoying the misery of others.
I just wanna check out.
[Shuji] You'd better be sure.
It's not the kind of thing
where you get to
change your mind.
Once it's done, it's done.
[Osamu] I know.
I just don't see any
future for myself.
[Shuji] All right, then.
I guess this is
goodbye, Big Brother.
[foreboding music]
[Shuji gasps]
Another God candidate?
[opening theme theme]
[Osamu] Who the... Who
the hell are you guys?
You can't just barge
in here like this.
Huh? It's Ogaro!
The Angel of Darkness.
The only angel who knows
the secret side of Heaven
and isn't interested in
becoming special-rank.
Wait, I don't understand.
--Exactly who's your angel?
--What?
I thought you said
he was second-rank.
--Well, actually...
--That's odd.
The remaining angel
should be special-rank.
[Nasse] That would have
to be Muni, I would think.
[Mirai] Where's your angel?
All right, fine!
I'm not a God
candidate. I'm sorry!
I thought you were
going to kill me earlier
if I didn't say
I was, so I lied.
[Revel gasps]
And here I thought
we'd finally identified
all the God candidates.
[sputters] One thing, though!
I know Metropoliman's
real identity.
I'm sure I can be
useful somehow.
[Shuji] Metropoliman.
Wait a minute! Who the
hell are you people?
You just go barging
into strangers' homes?
Hold on, Big Brother.
You're Red and
Yellow, aren't you?
I see you're not disguising
yourselves today.
I'm glad you're here.
You can eliminate us
whenever you're ready.
Use your White Arrow
on me and my brother.
Or you can even
use your Red Arrow.
These Red Arrows are
interesting, aren't they?
If you use one of them to
shoot somebody who wants to die
and you tell them to
go ahead and do it,
they'll instantly
kill themselves.
They're wish-granting
arrows of hope.
It simply depends on how much
that person wants to die.
Our grandpa is a good example.
He was put on a
ventilator and said
he was in terrible
pain all the time.
So as a test, I shot
him with a Red Arrow
and gave him permission to go.
It's all right.
You can die now.
And just like that, he
immediately removed his mask
and died peacefully.
It was a dignified
and merciful death.
I thought I'd done a good thing.
My dad never said
he wanted to die,
but something
unexpected happened.
My mom hooked up
with a younger man,
and they ended up
getting divorced.
He stopped going to work.
He just sat at home and stared
at a mug on the table every day.
I couldn't stand
it, so I shot him
with a Red Arrow and said:
Do you wanna die?
Yes, son, I do.
[Shuji] The next day,
his body was found
floating in the river.
After that, you shot your
mom with a Red Arrow.
[Shuji] How'd you
figure that out?
I'm impressed.
These Red Arrows are a lot
more powerful than I realized.
If I shoot someone
who's causing me trouble
and tell them to die, they turn
around and kill themselves.
As she lay dying,
my mom apologized
for abandoning our family.
And since he said he
wanted to die with her,
I shot her boyfriend, too.
But he didn't kill himself.
He did apologize, though.
I've found that the louder
people are about wanting to die,
the more likely it
is that they're lying
and are really just
looking for attention.
The Arrow just reveals
how contemptible they are.
Because of that, I've
learned how to identify
the people out there
who really want to die,
and I've been giving
them the push they need.
What you've been doing is wrong.
[Shuji] You think so?
In Japan, the number-one
cause of death
in people between 15
and 39 is suicide.
And that's just the ones
who have the courage
to go through with it.
There are lots of people
living shitty lives
who want to die but don't
have the guts to end it all.
When I first received
my Wings and Arrow,
I thought they would finally
give me the hope to live.
But almost immediately,
I realized they wouldn't.
The only things that
motivate people to live
are their basest desires.
My angel didn't deny it.
--Isn't that right, Ogaro?
--Yes.
Wings and Arrows are just
vehicles for human desire?
Sounds like the
Angel of Darkness.
Sure does.
[Shuji] So instead of using them
to fulfill my own desires, I
help people who want to die.
[Mirai] Helping people
commit suicide is a crime.
[Shuji] What? Really?
You mean you didn't know that?
[Shuji]
Okay. I'll stop doing it.
I've already helped
a lot of people.
One thing, though.
Let me help my
brother kill himself.
Then I'll kill myself,
and it'll be over.
--That's right.
--No way!
[Shuji] Don't interfere.
You're being a nuisance.
[Mirai] Stop it.
Please don't do this.
[Shuji] All right,
then. I won't.
But only if you give me a good
reason not to kill myself.
It's people like you, who
think they have all the answers
and run around preventing
suicides, that I hate the most.
I can get that helping someone
kill themselves is a crime.
But if committing suicide
isn't against the law,
people are free to do it.
After all, it's their
life they're ending.
Only humans choose
to commit suicide.
Suicide is the most
human of deaths.
It also happens to be
the most miserable
death you can choose.
[Shuji] Only according
to your standards.
To my standards?
Well, maybe you're
right about that.
I don't want you to
suffer a miserable death.
I'd prefer you
live and be happy.
That's why I'm
determined to stop you.
[Shuji] All you've
talked about so far
is your own personal desire.
And while you might
find the act miserable,
I think it's noble.
If you want to convince me,
then give me a more
logical explanation.
--No!
--Hm?
No, no, no!
This isn't about laws or
standards or even logic.
There are people who'd
be sad if you died!
That's enough
reason not to do it.
[Shuji] Who's the
closest person to me?
My brother, right?
And he's here, rooting me on.
Believe me, nobody will
be sad about me dying.
All right, then what
about your friends?
[Shuji] [sighs] I don't
have a single one at school.
It doesn't surprise me
that you feel that way.
But that's not the reality.
You may think you
don't have friends,
but I bet there are people
who try to be friendly to you
and do care about you.
That's how Kanade Uryu was.
You know, the guy
who was Metropoliman?
Officially, he's gone off to
study in England this semester.
But I know he was
killed in that stand-off
at the amusement park.
The girls at school loved him,
but he looked down on everyone.
He didn't have girlfriends, or
any friends, for that matter.
He probably even thought
I was disgusting.
But whenever I said I wanted
to check out the
cute girls at school,
he was happy to go with me.
In fact, he went with
me a bunch of times.
Even though, as I look back,
I don't think he ever
considered me a real friend.
When Metropoliman died,
most folks were glad.
I didn't know one person
who was upset about it.
Not at first, or so I thought.
Except I was really sad.
I cried all the time.
[Shuji gasps]
Even though we weren't real
friends, he was nice to me.
He spent time with me.
We talked a lot, you know?
And he must've realized
I knew who he was.
That's clear to me now.
But still, it's only
because of Kanade
that I ever got a
chance to date Sayuri.
Wait, that's it!
If you find a girl
you're attracted to,
you won't want to die anymore!
Have you tried dating?
Oh, sorry. What I'm
trying to say is,
there's someone out there
who could care about you,
someone who'd be
sad if you died,
especially if you
committed suicide.
And then, to be
perfectly honest,
it's really such a bother.
[Shuji] [gasps] A bother?
You can't just
carry on like normal
if one of your classmates
kills themselves.
Even if it doesn't make
you sad, it brings you down
and makes you think about
the person all the time.
You become uneasy and anxious.
You may say it's
nobody's business,
but it leaves its mark
on people's hearts.
What's that if
it's not a bother?
[Shuji sighs]
[Shuji] I have to
say, I'm impressed.
That's the first time someone's
convinced me, even a little.
Yeah? Really?
I think people who
kill themselves
are too self-involved
to consider the effect
their act is going
to have on others.
It's never good to be
a bother to society.
Since I don't want
to become a nuisance,
I guess I have to
rethink my position.
All right, fine.
In that case, I won't help
my brother kill himself.
--Huh?
--Sorry, big bro.
You'll have to find a
way to kill yourself
that causes as little
trouble as possible.
Not just that.
I'll have to find a
way to kill myself
without becoming a
bother, either. [munching]
Anyway, that's
what I've decided.
It's time for you all to
leave now. [crunching]
We still need your help, though.
The candidates have to
choose the next God.
Like it or not, you're
part of that process.
I don't care who
becomes the next God.
You may not care, but your
approval still matters.
Procedure demands it.
That's right.
Unless, of course, you've
already killed yourself.
The next God isn't gonna
be chosen any time soon.
I'm sure I'll be dead
before that occurs.
Wrong. We're all in a
race against time here.
We've all been targeted.
Japan and other nations
want to use us as weapons.
There's one more God candidate
we haven't identified.
We need to find that person
before a government swoops in.
If such a thing were to occur,
the individual could be
killed in the attempt.
If you refuse to come with us,
you'll be throwing
a monkey wrench
into this whole operation.
[Shuji sighs]
All right.
I'll go with you,
but I'm not going
to change my mind
about killing myself.
As long as God's chosen
while I'm still alive,
you'll have my approval.
--Is that good enough?
--Yes.
Fine, just as long as all I
have to do is be a witness.
[Shuji crunching]
[Mirai] Let me introduce you.
Mr. Hoshi and Ms. Yumiki
are both police officers
who have betrayed their
organization to help us.
--Welcome.
--[Shuji gasping]
Have a seat, boys.
Make yourselves at home.
Would you like a soft
drink, or maybe tea?
We have cookies too,
if you're hungry.
[quirky music]
Huh?
[Shuji whimpering softly]
--[cat meows]
--[Shuji gasps]
[Shuji whimpers]
[suspenseful music]
[Hoshi] Mirai Kakehashi.
Special-rank angel, Nasse.
Saki Hanakago.
First-rank angel, Revel.
Shuji Nakaumi.
First-rank angel, Ogaro.
I can't see these angels,
but is that right?
Yes, it is.
I see they're all here.
--You can't see them, right?
--[Osamu grunts]
In addition, Susumu Yuito.
First-rank angel, Penema.
Since calling for the
world to choose a God,
he hasn't shown himself.
We have no idea where he is.
[Susumu sighs]
What's the deal?
We haven't found any
new God candidates yet.
You have to be patient.
It's the calm before the storm.
The same thing happens
in games all the time.
Lastly, there's the candidate
the police captured,
Yuri Temari.
Her second-rank angel is Yazeli.
After graduating from college,
she began working at
a major ad agency.
She attempted suicide twice.
In April, her social
media showed her
taking lavish, exotic vacations.
People were very puzzled.
I can't take it anymore!
Not having a phone
is just impossible.
I think I'm going to die.
Hey, security guard,
I'm going crazy!
I'm suffering from
phone withdrawal!
You're under police protection.
You have to try and be patient.
[Temari] You're
the one who told me
to get taken into
custody, Yazeli!
The search for all
the God candidates
is quickly picking up speed.
It's better than being
hunted down and killed.
This just leaves one candidate
we haven't identified yet.
And they're with Muni,
a special-rank angel?
That's right.
--'Scuse me.
--Hmm?
What's the matter?
Update: I'm thinking
about changing schools
--and then killing myself.
--[Mirai and Saki gasp]
Just wanted to make sure.
As long as you're the only
ones who know about it,
it won't be a problem, right?
Hold on, that's not exactly-
No, you can't do that, Nakaumi!
Now that we know
you, if you die,
we'd be the ones to feel bad.
He's right. Your death would
be upsetting to all of us.
You see? Your opinion of
suicide still remains negative.
I'm saying it
should be considered
a wiser, more positive choice.
Then why not go
ahead and become God,
so you can make suicide a
desirable option for everyone?
[Mirai] Don't say that,
Nasse. That's terrible.
What did she just say?
That Nakaumi should become God
and make suicide a
good thing for humans.
--That sounds like a plan.
--What?
I'm not gonna fall
for that trick.
I'd lose the ability
to die if I became God.
Besides, it would be a
completely selfish move.
I don't have any foolish
desires to change the world
to suit my point of view.
Why are they foolish desires?
Because they're
embarrassingly human.
It's really no different
than the selfish
desires of my parents.
And the truth is, I'm the
product of that selfish desire.
Nobody chooses to be born.
It comes from the parents'
desire to have children.
Actually, it's not even that.
It's really the byproduct
of their pursuit
of sexual pleasure.
My mother abandoned
us because she wanted
to be with a younger man.
It was easy for her to leave.
After all, she
only plopped us out
because she'd had
her fun with Father.
Please don't describe
it like that.
Fine. It is
disgusting, isn't it?
People say they love each other
and then breed like rabbits.
It's the vile desire of humans.
We're really nothing
more than the result
of worldly passions
fueled by desire.
[somber music]
You could also say we're alive
because of those desires.
We want to eat tasty food.
We want to be close
to the person we love.
We want to be
happy in this life.
These are wonderful
desires that we all have.
They're goals for life.
They bring us hope.
I completely understand
why you ended up
feeling the way you
do about your mother.
However, maybe it's better
to control those desires
so they don't make
others unhappy.
I've been thinking about
what you said earlier,
and it stuck with me.
Your wish not to
inconvenience others
is a wonderful type of desire.
You could easily go.
After all, you have Wings.
You could shoot us
with a Red Arrow
and force us all to
accept your suicide.
But if you don't mind,
until a new God is chosen
and this chaos is finally
over, I'd like you to help us.
[Shuji sighs]
[Osamu] Shuji,
maybe you don't have
to die right away, at least
not for the time being.
[Shuji breathing shakily]
[water splashing]
[Shuji] Okay.
Hey, all right!
Thank you. Let's work as a team.
What did Susumu say
in that broadcast?
That you're all to
meet and discuss
who the next God will be?
Right.
We were able to talk
honestly with Nakaumi,
so we should be able to do
the same thing with everyone.
Got it. I'll support
whatever you want to do.
[both gasp]
With that in mind, how do we
locate the final God candidate?
[Akai] I had trouble believing
God candidates were real,
but half the world
is now starting
to accept their existence.
That's probably because
governments have not only
endorsed the idea, but are
actively searching for them.
--Oh, wow! Look at that!
--The God candidates!
[gasps] Huh?
--[Akai panting]
--[crowd chattering]
[Saki] Hopefully, word of this
will spread on social media.
[Mirai] Then whoever's out
there will definitely find us.
We've come forward
today in order to talk.
We don't want to fight.
In order to end this chaos,
all the God candidates
should get together
and have an open and
civil discussion.
We must ensure that our
decision is unanimous
and doesn't make anyone suffer
or make anyone unhappy.
[Saki] Red.
--[crowd murmuring]
--[ominous music]
[Mirai] Welcome, Susumu Yuito.
I've been waiting for you
to make an appearance, Red.
We finally meet.
I do like what
you've been saying,
but I don't know if
you're really you.
[Mirai] Yellow, don't move.
[Saki] Be careful.
He's the strongest God
candidate at the moment.
[Mirai] If you want to confirm
my identity, shoot at me.
You can come closer if you want.
Really?
Hey, it really is you!
Oh, wow, I'm so excited!
Can we do that again?
Can we, huh?
Come on, come on!
[Mirai] If you believe me,
then let's go someplace
where we won't be
seen so we can talk.
[Susumu] Yeah,
totally! Let's go.
--[crowd gasps]
--Where'd they go?
Oh, so that's what
you look like.
You know what?
I'm really kinda glad you
decided to show me your faces.
[Mirai] Just to be sure,
you have a White
Arrow, don't you?
[Susumu] Mm-hmm.
I'm sure this boy also
wants to choose a God.
--You want to work with us?
--Huh?
[thoughtful music]
Oh, I see!
To get the last candidate
to come forward, right?
This is exactly what I
was hoping would happen!
It makes me so happy!
Take this.
It's a way to
contact us directly.
I'm not going to insist that
we do everything together,
but we need to be able
to reach each other
at any time of the day.
That's great! Thanks a lot.
We've now assembled four
of the five God candidates
whose identities we're aware of.
Right. Now we need
to contact Temari.
It's important that no one
notices you talking to us.
--Uh.
--What is it?
She's acting kinda strange.
Is she talking to
her angel again?
Just between you and
me, I can't keep up
with this "God and angels are
supposed to be real" crap.
I think it's a trick. [grumbles]
So that's the plan.
--What do you think?
--Interesting.
All the known God
candidates gather together
and issue an invitation.
[Mirai] Together, the five
of us will openly reach out
to the final God
candidate in a place
where the whole world
will be able to see us.
Once that person knows we want
to choose the next
God peacefully,
it'll be easier for
them to come forward.
Once we've gone to
all that trouble,
we've really put
them on the spot,
and they'll become a nuisance
if they don't cooperate.
[Temari] Once the final
God candidate responds
to the invitation,
we'll sit down
and discuss choosing
the next God.
That's a good idea.
But how am I supposed to escape
from this so-called
protective custody?
I could barely figure out
how to do my old office job!
I was hopeless. Can
I really do this?
[perilous music]
[closing theme music]